So let's try doing things both ways and discuss what we might think is better.
So first, let's just take what we already have.
Here, the first option is the constructor can
take a node itself and then set the root to that node.
Another option, option 2,
it can take something that we assume is
a value and then it'll create a new node based on that value,
and then set that to the root node.
So when you think about end user using your tree class to store their data,
you could imagine that they probably don't really want to worry about what's
internally inside your tree class and just be able to use it to put their data in there.
So in that case, it probably would make more sense to
have the values that the function is taken,
the parameters be the values that the user wants to store,
instead of assuming that they know how to create
a new node class and then work with that.
So I'd recommend writing it this way.